WIP: Add accessibility guide to AIO docs (#30733)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/a11y.md

> # ARIA / Accessibility (a11y) reference

Reviewer: What's the motivation behind having these two separate docs? I'm not sure there's enough Angular-specific a11y content to split things up into two different pages.

Author: My idea is that there could be separate sub-pages for HTML5, Angular Component tools, and ARIA, with smaller, more specific examples to show how to work with a11y attributes in an Angular app. Sub-pages might not be needed.

The Internet is used by a wide variety of people, including those who have visual or motor impairments.
A variety of assistive technologies (AT) are available that make it much easier for these groups to
interact with web-based software applications.

This page discusses best practices for designing Angular applications that
work well for all users, including those who rely on assistive technologies.

{@a accessibility-overview}

> ## What is accessibility?

Reviewer: This section doesn't actually define accessibility, but then goes into detail about what an accessible application does. Again here I think it's better to say very little about general a11y topics and instead focus on Angular topics.

When you are aiming the cursor, it helps to have a larger target.

* A well-designed **flow of focus** improves accessibility as well as overall usability.
It is vital to provide a carefully designed sequence for the movement
of the cursor through a form, proceeding in a logical way from control to control.
This makes sure that the user can press the Tab key to step through
fields in an order that aligns with the user's expectations.

Native HTML elements already have accessibility support through
features like the `label` element and focus management.

Use native HTML elements whenever possible.
For example, if you want to accept user text input, use the `input` element
to get all the built-in browser support for focus management
and other HTML accessibility features.

When you do use Angular to add your own elements, be sure they
include accessibility support.

## Accessibility attributes

Angular can help you build more inclusive applications that conform to Google's accessibility guidelines.
Use [attribute binding](guide/template-syntax#attribute-binding) template syntax to control the values of accessibility-related attributes.

> * Accessibility is supported by many native HTML5 controls through attributes such as `label`, which provides a text alternative to an image that can be used by screen readers, and `tab-index` which provides a non-visual indication of how focus is expected to progress among elements on a page. Native HTML5 attributes should be used wherever possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Accessibility is supported by many native HTML5 controls through attributes such as `label`, which provides a text alternative to an image that can be used by screen readers, and `tabindex` which provides a non-visual indication of how focus is expected to progress among elements on a page. Native HTML5 attributes should be used wherever possible.
```

* Accessibility is further supported by [ARIA](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/), a well-documented suite of tools and standards.

> ARIA defines additional accessibility-related HTML attributes that can be added to standard HTML elements such as `<div>` and `<form>`. An HTML element can include both ARIA attributes and the standard HTML attributes. The prefix "aria-" makes it easy to spot an ARIA attribute. For examples of how to integrate ARIA with an Angular application, see [ARIA and Angular](guide/a11y-aria)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ARIA defines additional accessibility-related HTML attributes that can be added to standard HTML elements such as `<div>` and `<form>`. An HTML element can include both ARIA attributes and the standard HTML attributes. The prefix "aria-" makes it easy to spot an ARIA attribute. For examples of how to integrate ARIA with an Angular application, see [ARIA and Angular](guide/a11y-aria).
```
